<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Popup Footnote Examples</title>
<link href="../Styles/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2>Popup Notes<br/>
<span class="smaller">Testing Methods from Reading Systems</span></h2>
<p class="eprdctn-note">For this experiment, I used the code provided by Reading Systems. Changing only element ids for correct navigation. Only Daisy included an aria role. When we make our final recommendation, we will add a11y best practices. <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Gv9uXS-tw9hEcwPzCuP4p8W3cPN1MomatSLmB_UimQc/edit?usp=sharing">See Test Results</a>.</p>
<h3>Amazon Method</h3>
<p>There will be found in every progressive community
societies and organisations which represent a far higher
level of public spirit and enterprise than that possessed
or displayed by such communities in their collective
capacity. It is probable that the government of a community
can never reach a higher tone or work on a higher
plane than the average sense of that community demands
and enforces; and it will greatly conduce to the well-being
of any society if the efforts of its State or municipal
organisations are inspired and quickened by those
of its members whose ideals of society duty rise higher
than the average. <sup><a id="source_03" href="off-page-footnotes.xhtml#ft-03" epub:type="noteref">[3]</a></sup></p>
<p class="eprdctn-note"><a href="https://kdp.amazon.com/en_US/help/topic/GH4DRT75GWWAGBTU#footnote_guidelines">Amazon's HTML recommendation</a> adds <code>epub:type="footnote"</code> to the aside, and also <code>epub:type="noteref"</code> to the paragraph tag surrounding the footnote content.??<br/>
</p>
<h3>Apple Method</h3>
<p>And so it may be in Garden City. There will be discovered
many opportunities for public service which
neither the community as a whole, nor even a majority of
its members, will at first recognise the importance of, or
see their way to embrace, and which public services it
would be useless, therefore, to expect the municipality to
undertake; but those who have the welfare of society at
heart will, in the free air of the city, be always able to
experiment on their own responsibility, and thus quicken
the public conscience and enlarge the public understanding. <a href="off-page-footnotes.xhtml#ft-04" epub:type="noteref">[4]</a>
</p>
<p class="eprdctn-note">The Apple recommendations don't have a link back to the source text.</p>
<h3>Vital Source Method</h3>
<p>The whole of the experiment which this book describes
is indeed of this character. It represents pioneer work,
which will be carried out by those who have not a merely
pious opinion, but an effective belief in the economic,
sanitary, and social advantages of common ownership of
land, and who, therefore, are not satisfied merely to
advocate that those advantages should be secured on the
largest scale at the national expense, but are impelled to
give their views shape and form as soon as they can see
their way to join with a sufficient number of kindred
spirits. And what the whole experiment is to the nation,
so may what we term “pro-municipal” undertakings be
to the community of Garden City or to society generally.
Just as the larger experiment is designed to lead the
nation into a juster and better system of land tenure and
a better and more common-sense view of how towns
should be built, so are the various pro-municipal undertakings
of Garden City devised by those who are prepared
to lead the way in enterprises designed to further the
well-being of the town, but who have not as yet succeeded
in getting their plans or schemes adopted by the Central
Council. <a href="off-page-footnotes.xhtml#ft-05" id="source-05" epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref">5</a>.</p>
<p class="eprdctn-note">The Vital Source HTML for the aside threw errors, which were fixed when I retyped the space between the role and the id. </p>
<h3>Play Books Method</h3>
<p>There is another large field for pro-municipal
activity in the work of building homes for the
people. The municipality would be attempting too
much if it essayed this task, at least at the outset.
To do so would be perhaps to depart too widely
from the path which experience has justified, however
much might be said in favour of such a course on
the part of a municipal body in command of ample funds.
The municipality has, however, done much to make the
building of bright and beautiful homes for the people
possible. It has effectually provided against any over-crowding
within its area, thus solving a problem found
insoluble in existing cities, and it offers sites of ample
size at an average rate of £6 per annum for ground-rent
and rates.<a href="off-page-footnotes.xhtml#note-06" id="noteref-06" epub:type="noteref">6</a></p>
<p class="eprdctn-note">Play Books' method is known to break if author's use <code>&lt;span&gt;</code> instead of <code>&lt;sup&gt;</code> to style their source number.<br/>
Another potential conflict, most RS use <code>&lt;aside&gt;</code> to contain their footnote content. Play Books prefers the content inside a list. The Daisy <code>doc-footnote</code> will break a list. Play Books correctly uses <code>doc-endnotes</code> instead, along with <code>epub:type="endnotes."</code> Aren't we looking to deprecate <code>endnotes</code> as an epub type? Is it OK to have an Aria role of <code>endnotes</code> and epub type of <code>footnote</code>?</p>
<h3>Daisy Method</h3>
<p>Philanthropic and charitable institutions, religious
societies, and educational agencies of various kinds occupy
a very large part in this group of pro-municipal or pro-national
agencies, and these have been already referred
to, and their nature and purposes are well known. But
institutions which aim at the more strictly material side
of well-being, such as banks and building societies, may
be found here too. Just as the founders of the Penny
Bank paved the way for the Post Office Savings Bank, so
may some of those who study carefully the experiment of
building up Garden City see how useful a bank might be,
which, like the Penny Bank, aims not so much at gain
for its founders as at the well-being of the community at
large. <a href="off-page-footnotes.xhtml#ft-07" class="daisy" role="doc-noteref" epub:type="noteref">[7]</a>
</p>
<p class="eprdctn-note">The Daisy recommendations don't have a backlink to source text</p>
<h3>Kobo Method</h3>
<p>Such a bank might arrange to pay the whole of
its net profits or all its profits over a certain fixed rate,
into the municipal exchequer, and give to the authorities
of the town the option of taking it over should they be
convinced of its utility and its general soundness. <a href="#ft-08">[8]</a></p>
<p><span id="ft-08" epub:type="footnote"> Kobo “…A new social state can never establish
its ideas unless the persons who hold them confess them
openly and give them an honest and effective adherence.”—Mr.
John Morley, “On Compromise,” Chap. v</span></p>
</body>
</html>