<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Hyperlinked Footnote Examples</title>
<link href="../Styles/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2 id="pgepubid00023">Hyperlinked Footnotes<br/>
<span class="smaller">EPUB 2</span></h2>
<p class="eprdctn-note">In this section, markup for sources and notes is Project Gutenberg style. From the version labeled 'EPUB3 (E-readers incl. Send-to-Kindle') </p>
<p>For this purpose, let us deal first with the agricultural
estate, leaving the town estate to be dealt with separately.
Obviously the rent which can be secured will be considerably
greater than before the town was built. Every
farmer now has a market close to his doors. There are
30,000 townspeople to be fed. Those persons, of course,
are perfectly free to get their food stuffs from any part of
the world, and in the case of many products will doubtless
continue to be supplied from abroad. These farmers
are hardly likely to supply them with tea, with coffee,
with spices, with tropical fruits or with sugar<a id="FNanchor_6_6" class="fnanchor pginternal" href="#Footnote_6_6">[6]</a> ,and their 
struggle to compete with America and Russia for the
supply of wheat or flour to the town may be as keen as
ever. But surely the struggle will not be so despairing.
A ray—a beam of hope will gladden the heart of the 
despairing home-producer of wheat, for while the
American has to pay railway charges to the sea-board,
charges for Atlantic transit and railway charges to the
consumer, the farmer of Garden City has a market at his
very doors, and this a market which the rent he contributes
will help to build up.<a id="FNanchor_7_7" class="fnanchor pginternal" href="#Footnote_7_7">[7]</a></p>
<p>Or, consider vegetables and fruits. Farmers, except
near towns, do not often grow them now. Why? Chiefly
because of the difficulty and uncertainty of a market, and
the high charges for freights and commission. To quote
the words of Dr. Farquharson, M.P., when they “try to
dispose of these things they find themselves struggling so
hopelessly in a spider’s web of rings, and middlemen, and
speculators, that they are more than half-inclined to give
up the attempt in despair, and fall back on those things
that stand up straight and square to their prices in the
open market.” A curious calculation may be interesting
with regard to milk. Assuming each person in the town
consumed only one-third of a pint a day, then 30,000
would consume 1,250 gallons a day, and might thus save,
taking railway charges at a penny per gallon, upwards
of £1,900 per annum in railway rates upon the one item
of milk, a saving which must be multiplied by a large
figure in order to realise the general saving to be effected
by placing consumer and producer in such close association.
In other words, the combination of town and
country is not only healthful, but economic—a point
which every step taken will serve to make yet more clear.</p>
<div class="footnote-section">
<div class="footnote">
<p><a id="Footnote_6_6"></a><a href="#FNanchor_6_6" class="pginternal"><span class="label">[6]</span></a> The electric light, with cheap motive power for its generation,
with glass-houses, may make even some of these things
possible.</p>
</div>
<div class="footnote">
<p><a id="Footnote_7_7"></a><a href="#FNanchor_7_7" class="pginternal"><span class="label">[7]</span></a> <i>See</i> “Fields, Farms, and Workshops,” by Prince Krapotkin,
1/-, and “The Coming Revolution,” by Capt. Petavel, 1/-,
both published by Swan Sonnenschein &amp; Co.</p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>