<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<link href="../Styles/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Hyperlink Endnote Examples</title>
</head>
<body>
<h2 id="pgepubid00023">Hyperlinked Endnotes<br/>
<span class="smaller">EPUB 2</span></h2>
<p>The reader is asked to imagine an estate embracing an
area of 6,000 acres, which is at present purely agricultural,
and has been obtained by purchase in the open
market at a cost of £40<a id="ENanchor_1_1"></a><a class="fnanchor pginternal" href="endnotes.xhtml#Endnote_1_1">[1]</a> an acre, or £240,000. The purchase
money is supposed to have been raised on mortgage
debentures, bearing interest at an average rate not exceeding
£4 per cent.<a id="ENanchor_2_2"></a><a class="fnanchor pginternal" href="endnotes.xhtml#Endnote_2_2">[2]</a> The estate is legally vested in the
names of four gentlemen of responsible position and of
undoubted probity and honour, who hold it in trust, first,
as a security for the debenture-holders, and, secondly, in
trust for the people of Garden City, the Town-country
magnet, which it is intended to build thereon. One
essential feature of the plan is that all ground rents,
which are to be based upon the annual value of the land,
shall be paid to the trustees, who, after providing for
interest and sinking fund, will hand the balance to the
Central Council of the new municipality,<a id="ENanchor_3_3"></a><a class="fnanchor pginternal" href="endnotes.xhtml#Endnote_3_3">[3]</a> to be employed
by such Council in the creation and maintenance of all
necessary public works—roads, schools, parks, etc.</p>
<p>The objects of this land purchase may be stated in
various ways, but it is sufficient here to say that some of
the chief objects are these: To find for our industrial
population work at wages of <i>higher purchasing power</i>,
and to secure healthier surroundings and more regular
employment. To enterprising manufacturers, co-operative
societies, architects, engineers, builders, and
mechanicians of all kinds, as well as to many engaged in
various professions, it is intended to offer a means of
securing new and better employment for their capital
and talents, while to the agriculturists at present
on the estate, as well as to those who may migrate
thither, it is designed to open a new market for their
produce close to their doors. Its object is, in short, to
raise the standard of health and comfort of all true
workers of whatever grade—the means by which these
objects are to be achieved being a healthy, natural, and
economic combination of town and country life, and this
on land owned by the municipality.</p>
“Dr. Barwise, Medical Officer of Health for the County
Council of Derbyshire, giving evidence before a Select Committee
of the House of Commons, on 25th April, 1894, on the
Chesterfield Gas and Water Bill, said, in answer to Question
1873: “At Brimington Common School I saw some basins full
of soapsuds, and it was all the water that the whole of the
children had to wash in. They had to wash one after another
in the same water. Of course, a child with ringworm or something
of that kind might spread it through the whole of the
children.... The schoolmistress told me that the children
came in from the playground hot, and she had seen them
actually drink this dirty water. In fact, when they were
thirsty there was no other water for them to have.”
“Dr. Barwise, Medical Officer of Health for the County
Council of Derbyshire, giving evidence before a Select Committee
of the House of Commons, on 25th April, 1894, on the
Chesterfield Gas and Water Bill, said, in answer to Question
1873: “At Brimington Common School I saw some basins full
of soapsuds, and it was all the water that the whole of the
children had to wash in. They had to wash one after another
in the same water. Of course, a child with ringworm or something
of that kind might spread it through the whole of the
children.... The schoolmistress told me that the children
came in from the playground hot, and she had seen them
actually drink this dirty water. In fact, when they were
thirsty there was no other water for them to have.”
</body>
</html>