<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<link href="../Styles/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>EPUB Footnote Recommendations</title>
</head>
<body>
<h2>Recommendations</h2>
<p class="eprdctn-note">There are observations and questions throughout the book. I expect to remove these for final. —Susan
</p>
<p>This test Epub is underconstruction. This first phase is to test Reading Systems’ recommended methods and see if there is some overlap. </p>
<p>If it makes sense, we can go on to make a recommended method for footnote markup, including a11y techniques.</p>
<h2>Footnotes, Endnotes, Popup Notes</h2>
<h3>Helpful to Know</h3>
<p>To make footnotes in an ebook, it is helpful to know</p>
<ul>
<li>Common terms used in book publishing</li>
<li>HTML document structure</li>
<li>Epub version you’re creating</li>
</ul>
<h3>Important to Know</h3>
<p>Reflowable EPUBs do not have fixed pages. Because of this, reproducing traditional footnotes at the bottom of a page/view is not possible.</p>
<h3>What is a Footnote?</h3>
<p>Exactly what is or is not a footnote is hard to define. For our purpose here, let's use these definitions. </p>
<dl>
  <dt>Popup Notes</dt>
  <dd>note that popups up on screen as a result of user action, such as clicking a superscript number.</dd>
  
  <dt>Footnotes</dt>
  <dd>notes at the end of a section, like an HTML document or <code>&lt;div></code>.</dd>
  
  <dt>Endnotes</dt>
  <dd>are in a chapter or document by themselves, usually all together at the back of a book. </dd>

  <dt>Annotation</dt>
  <dd>is a note the user writes within the book. This is a separate topic and not covered here.</dd>
<dt>Source</dt>
  <dd>Text or number in the normal flow of the book that points to a footnote's content. </dd>
<dt>Content</dt>
  <dd>The text or media contained in the note itself.</dd>
<dt>Bi-directional linking</dt>
  <dd>When the Source links to the Content and the Content links back to the Source</dd>
</dl>
<h3>Reading System Considerations</h3>
<p>Each reading system responds to the needs of its users in its own way. That makes for variations in the way notes are displayed. A Reading System will generally override an Ebook maker’s specifications if doing so makes the user experience better. Ebook makers do not necessarily have access to information about all the variations and overrides in each reading system.</p> 
<p>Styling the note’s display is mostly up to the reading system.</p>
<p>In some cases, the reading system displays all types of notes as popups.</p>
<p>Testing is always a good idea.</p>
</body>
</html>