<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Popup Footnote Examples</title>
<link href="../Styles/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2>Popup Notes<br/>
<span class="smaller">Testing Proposed Markup</span></h2>
<p class="eprdctn-note">This markup uses similarities found among reading system methods for pop up footnotes. I added a11y best practices from nnels. </p>
<p>Now, it is at this very point that a most interesting
experiment at Topolobampo has broken down. The
experiment, which was initiated by Mr. A. K. Owen, an
American civil engineer, was started on a considerable
tract of land obtained under concession from the Mexican
Government. One principle adopted by Mr. Owen was
that “all employment must be through the Department
for the Diversity of Home Industries. One member
cannot directly employ another member, and only
members can be employed through the settlement.”<a id="FNanchor_25"></a><a href="popup-notes.xhtml#ft-25" class="daisy" role="doc-noteref" epub:type="noteref">[25]</a> In
other words, if A. and B. were dissatisfied with the
management, whether owing to doubts as to its competency
or honesty, they could not arrange to work with
each other, even though their sole desire might be the
common good; but they must leave the settlement. And
this is what they accordingly did in very considerable
numbers.</p>
<p>It is at this point that a great distinction between the
Topolobampo experiment and the scheme advocated in
this work is evident. In Topolobampo the organisation
claimed a monopoly of all productive work, and each
member must work under the direction of those who controlled
that monopoly, or must leave the organisation.
In Garden City no such monopoly is claimed, and any
dissatisfaction with the public administration of the
affairs of the town would no more necessarily lead to a
widespread split in Garden City than in any other municipality.
At the outset, at least, by far the larger part
of the work done will be by individuals or combinations
of individuals quite other than municipal servants, just
as in any other municipality, at present existing, the
sphere of municipal work is still very small as compared
with the work performed by other groups.</p>
<p>Other sources of failure in some social experiments
are the considerable expense incurred by migrants before
they reach the scene of their future labours, the great
distance from any large market, and the difficulty of previously
obtaining any real knowledge of the conditions of
life and labour there prevailing. The one advantage
gained—cheap land—seems to be altogether insufficient
to compensate for these and other disadvantages.<a id="FNanchor_26"></a><a href="popup-notes.xhtml#ft-26" class="daisy" role="doc-noteref" epub:type="noteref">[26]</a></p>
<p>We now come to what is perhaps the chief difference
between the scheme advocated in this work and most
other schemes of a like nature which have been hitherto
advocated or put into actual practice. That difference is
this: While others have sought to weld into one large
organisation individuals who have not yet been combined
into smaller groups, or who must leave those smaller
groups on their joining the larger organisation, my proposal
appeals not only to individuals but to co-operators,
manufacturers, philanthropic societies, and others experienced
in organisation, and with organisations under
their control, to come and place themselves under conditions
involving no new restraints but rather securing
wider freedom. And, further, a striking feature of the
present scheme is that the very considerable number of
persons already engaged on the estate will not be displaced
(except those on the town site, and these gradually),
but these will themselves form a valuable nucleus, paying
in rents, from the very inception of the enterprise, a sum
which will go very far towards the interest on the money
with which the estate is purchased—rents which they
will be more willing to pay to a landlord who will treat
them with perfect equity, and who will bring to
their doors consumers for their produce. The work
of organisation is, therefore, in a very large measure
accomplished. The army is now in existence; it has but
to be mobilised; it is with no undisciplined mob that we
have to deal. Or the comparison between this experiment
and those which have preceded it is like that
between two machines—one of which has to be created
out of various ores which have first to be gathered
together and then cast into various shapes, while for the
other all the parts are ready to hand and have but to be
fitted together.</p>
</body>
</html>